Welcome friends family and possible future friends. I'm having a great time in
Chicago right now all is good. I hope you enjoy my page

the last time i ever buy a piece of paper that says i learned something. You thought i would have learned that by now.

#https://api.accredible.com/v1/frontend/credential_website_embed_image/certificate/31522979

Currently working on:
For this page:
  Integrating my style transfer GANs into this page
  Integrate GTP2 writing rick and morty transcripts
  Fix Clifford attractors api and add more equations
Kaggle:
  Coleridge Initiative - Show US the Data


Current Course:
  Andrew Ng's ML
  https://www.coursera.org/learn/machine-learning

  Building Modern Python Applications on AWS
  https://www.coursera.org/learn/building-modern-python-applications-on-aws


Current Book:
  The Art Of Thinking Clearly
  Genius Makers


Projects sitting on the shelf that i have to get back to:
  Rick and Morty Voice cloning with speech brain library


Outside of computers I have been learning guitar and enjoy long boarding on
sunny days


For those who don't know me. Hello and welcome I'm George the developer of this page.
I love python. all the code that i write for this page and all apis are in python
(all the html js sql is actually just in my python code so i don't count it).
I'm using Plotlys Dash to make this page. I love giving people the opportunity
to interact with the math and code them selfs so they can have a better intuition
about whats actually happening other than just looking and some words or plots.
I originally got the idea in my image processing class where I would add sliders
and widgets to my labs (which was really easy to do with matplotlib) and it would
make them 100 times cooler. Currently Im very focused on ML/AI and data science
I find a lot of beauty in chaos and information theory so I like all kinda of data.
I want this page to be an interactive gallery for my cooler projects. I do other
project that will not bring to this page as i don't think they will gain any
value being here.


Education
I always exceled a math from a very early age but i also very below average in english.
I remember in elementary school when I first got a graphing calculator. It was magical and i loved it.
Me and a handful of other where bussed to the highschool to take math with the older kids.
(But i was also put in english classes with the younger kids).
On the bus I was always graphing crazy equations that would draw bridges and
cars and pretty designs.
In my sophtomre year of highschool i got to take my first computer programming classe
it was in Visual Basic and was taught by one of the best teachers i ever had Ms. Rose Panarrele
I got to take another 5 classes with her 2 in networking and 3 in computer Science.
i was always giving up my lunch to take classes because i thought they were cool.
I got to take marine biology, phycology, economics. But I my favorite classes
where Science, Computer science, and Math. So I went to collage for Computer Science.

I am a Computer Science and Engineering graduate of Bucknell University. I have
a minor in Physics and Math. I always thought of comp sci's as math majors with
just really big calculators. Honestly I wish I was a Physics major. One day would
like to go back to school for physics. I took the basic physics into classes, then
classical Mechanics, wave Mechanics and applied electronic circuits. Wave Mechanics
was one of my favorite classes at Bucknell. Math I took Stats Probability, Linear Algebra,
Numerical Analysis and Calculus. My favorite class was Clac three i always loved
graphing the different curves, vector fields and surfaces. I tried to take as many
math physics and comp sci classes as i could which was a wonderful thing.
My grades were not even B's in some of them but i loved them. I never cared as
much as my peers about my grades because i was taking some really hard classes
and that i couldn't get an A in all of them at the same time and that was just
ok with me. I wanted to take it all but you can't. What i did learn is that what
really makes the course isn't the material but its the professor and i was
blessed to have awesome professors. It wasn't until senior year that i got to
take actual fun cs classes. I got to take Intro to AI, Image processing,
Intro to Data Mining. I loved it so much a friend and I started a machine learning
club. So today I'm still taking Ai and machine learning courses
and doing machine learning projects. I was always a nerd who like my classes a
little too much. I was on the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) exec
team junior year and senior year when I became vice president. I still wanted to
give more talks about coding then anyone even the exec board wanted to hear
about. My most succesul talk was a code tutorial on
building a tic tak toe with sockets so that you can play against your friends wirelessly
over the network.

It wasn't until senior year of collage that would i read my first book (without it
being for some class). It was Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! and it is still
my favorite book. Richard Feynman is my favorite science. I remember hearing about
the Feynman method for learning that the best way to learn was to teach. I took
that to heart i would always hold study session where i would go through the
the material on the exam like i was the professor it was really easy to see what
I actually knew, what I thought I knew, and what i didn't have the slightest clue about.
My classmates always thought i was so helpful. What they didn't know was i was
actually using them and that they and them challenging my knowlage was so helpful.
Now i love to read!! My favorite subjects to read about is physics and information theory.

Books i have reading
Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!
Sapiens
Outliers
The grand design
Nine pints by Rose George
The 7 habits of highly effective people
chaos by james gleick
Influence Science and Practice by Robert Cialdini
QED by Feynman
What do you care what other people think by Feynman
Astrophysics for people in a hurry by Tyson
Talking to stranger by Gladwell
Red Notice by Bill Browder
The Code Book by Simon Singh
Everybody Lies by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz
Naked Statistics by Charles Wheelan
Range by David Epstine
the Signal and the Noise by Nate Silver
The Physics of Wall street James Owen Weatherall
David and Goliath Malcum
Programming the Universe Seth Lloyd
Lost in Math Sabine Hossenfelder





For my first time chunk I have been taking Coursera Andrew Ng's ML class and its
wonderful! I'm planning on buying the certification for ($80) after I finish as
I am currently living off my stimulus check and previous savings. I do not have
$150 right now to spend on another course and then another $100 to take a the
TensorFlow certification exam. I'm on week 4 of 11 and plan on finishing it
before the end of April. I spend at least 1 hour a day on it.I only have a set
minimum time for each thing as some days i will spend many many hours on a
single thing or more evenly divide my time between two or three.

My next time chunk I have been working on a deep learning project to clone the
voice and language style of one of my favorite cartoon characters Rick Sanchez
from the tv cartoon Rick and Morty. I chose this project because I have done
natural language processing NLP and computer vision image processing projects
but I have never worked with audio data before. I'm currently working on the sub
problem where I have half the transcripts labeled with which character is
speaking and the other half have no labels. I'm solving this problem with deep
learning libraries Speech Brain. I spend at least 2 hours a day on this project.

For my third time chunk I was have just complete working on a python project on
information theory. I named the project YoungThorp after Edward O. Thorp. It is
about keeping a perfect information and playing perfect blackjack. it would
decide the optimal move to hit or stand. No heuristic purely probability and
statistics, by calculating each cards worth of information. It actually worked
in simulations having a positive expected value, which mean theoretically it is
profitable. This is obviously a violation of any casinos terms of service and I
have no intention of using it. I also don't want it to come off that Im a
gambler as I am not. Without sounding too pretentious, I'm too smart to gamble
as I know that all the bets are rigged.

I just got the idea from the book The Physics of Wall Street by James Owen
Weatherall. Which talks about Thorp and his contributions in information theory.
Im not as much interested in Wall street as I am physics and reading about it.
I read about a book a week (this is not an average as some books take 2 or 3 or
4 weeks). I love reading about computers science, math, physics, philosophy,
psychology, and sociology. Im currently reading Seth Lloyds Programming The
Universe which is also about information theory and quantum computers.


##Reading list

Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!
Sapiens
Outliers
The grand design
Nine pints by Rose George
The 7 habits of highly effective people
chaos by james gleick
Influence Science and Practice by Robert Cialdini
QED by Feynman
What do you care what other people think by Feynman
Astrophysics for people in a hurry by Tyson
Talking to stranger by Gladwell
Red Notice by Bill Browder
The Code Book by Simon Singh
Everybody Lies by Seth Stephens-Davidowitz
Naked Statistics by Charles Wheelan
Range by David Epstine
the Signal and the Noise by Nate Silver
The Physics of Wall street James Owen Weatherall
David and Goliath Malcum
Programming the Universe Seth Lloyd
Lost in Math Sabine Hossenfelder

I also follow MIT's deep learning lectures and labs on youtube every week but
last week was the last lab and the rest of the course is just lectures. When its
nice out I like to ride around on my longboard. On weekend I like to socialize
with my friends. Im currently living on a twin 8 inch foam mattress on my
friends floor in Chicago paying my worth of rent in cooking him breakfast and
dinner and cleaning the apartment. I don't say this for pity points.I think I
enjoy my life here more than some of my friends who have jobs and money. For
the first time this pandemic I'm happy and love my life. My friend moves at the
end of June and our deal expires. This is also 3 months before my student loans
start (September) and I must start really applying to job regardless of field.
I would like to take this course and spend at least 2 hours a day on it. Then
take and pass the TF certification exam by then so that I can get a job in my
dream field of Data Science.

As only an undergrad its hard to even get responses from companies. Applying to
AI position they usually require you to have a master or Ph.D. TensorFlow is one
of the most important tools to building AI models. I would like to take this
class and then pass the certification exam to prove to companies that I know
what I'm doing. Right now my focus is on my classes and projects. My dreams are
to get a job  in AI where Im not killing my self with work. To have time to
enjoy life and continue learning (which I would defiantly do on Coursera just
saying) and one day go back to school i done have any details about what kind of
degree or even if i want to stay in CS i will defiantly be continuing to use
computers but i might take my skills to physics or math departments if they have
any questions that I really like.
